

```json
{
  "action": "resolve",
  "reasoning": "We have sufficient information to triage: expected behavior (save should work), actual behavior (app crashes with encoding-related dialog flash), reproduction steps (import CSV with special characters, edit tasks, click Save), and environment (macOS 14.2 Sonoma, TaskFlow 2.3.1 desktop app). The encoding/special character angle from CSV import is a strong root cause hypothesis. Missing error logs and exact frequency details are non-blocking gaps.",
  "triage_summary": {
    "title": "App crashes on save when task list contains special characters imported from CSV",
    "problem": "TaskFlow desktop app crashes when the user clicks the 'Save' button on a task list containing approximately 200 tasks that were imported from a CSV file. The imported tasks contain special Unicode characters (em-dashes, curly quotes). A brief dialog mentioning 'encoding' flashes before the crash. Saving works fine with smaller lists or lists without the imported tasks.",
    "root_cause_hypothesis": "The save/serialization routine likely fails when encoding special Unicode characters (em-dashes, curly quotes, etc.) introduced via CSV import. The application may be attempting to write the file using a narrow encoding (e.g., ASCII or Latin-1) that cannot represent these characters, causing an unhandled exception. The flashed 'encoding' dialog supports this. The large list size (200 tasks) may also be a contributing factor if the error occurs partway through serialization.",
    "reproduction_steps": [
      "Prepare a CSV file containing tasks with special Unicode characters such as em-dashes (—) and curly quotes (" ")",
      "Import the CSV file into TaskFlow, creating a list with a substantial number of tasks (e.g., 200)",
      "Edit one or more tasks in the imported list (update names, check off items, etc.)",
      "Click the 'Save' button in the toolbar",
      "Observe the app crash with a brief flash of a dialog mentioning 'encoding'"
    ],
    "environment": "macOS 14.2 (Sonoma), TaskFlow desktop app v2.3.1",
    "severity": "high",
    "impact": "Users who import tasks from CSV files containing non-ASCII characters lose all unsaved work when the app crashes on save. This is a data-loss scenario that blocks normal workflow for any user working with internationalized or typographically rich content.",
    "recommended_fix": "Investigate the save/serialization path for character encoding handling. Ensure the file is written using UTF-8 (or another encoding that supports the full Unicode range). Check the CSV import path as well — verify that imported strings are stored internally as proper Unicode. Add error handling around the save operation so that encoding failures surface a readable error message rather than crashing the app.",
    "proposed_test_case": "Create a task list containing strings with em-dashes, curly quotes, and other non-ASCII Unicode characters (e.g., accented letters, emoji). Save the list and verify it persists without error. Reopen the file and confirm all special characters are preserved correctly. Additionally, test with a large list (200+ tasks) containing such characters to rule out size-related issues.",
    "information_gaps": [
      "Exact error message or stack trace from the crash (the dialog flashed too quickly to read)",
      "Whether the issue reproduces with specific characters only or any non-ASCII character",
      "Whether the crash is deterministic (every time) or intermittent",
      "Application log file contents, if any exist"
    ]
  }
}
```
