```json
{
  "action": "resolve",
  "reasoning": "All four required checklist items are present: expected behavior (save should work), actual behavior (crash with encoding-related dialog), reproduction steps (edit tasks in a ~200-item CSV-imported list with special characters, click Save), and environment (macOS 14.2 Sonoma, TaskFlow desktop 2.3.1). Items 5-6 are partially covered — the reporter saw a fleeting 'encoding' mention and the issue is consistent with this specific list. Sufficient to resolve.",
  "triage_summary": {
    "title": "App crashes on save when task list contains special characters imported from CSV",
    "problem": "TaskFlow crashes when the user clicks the Save button on a task list containing approximately 200 tasks that were imported from a CSV file. The imported tasks contain non-ASCII characters such as em-dashes and curly quotes. A dialog box briefly flashes mentioning 'encoding' before the app crashes. Saving works fine with smaller lists or lists without these special characters.",
    "root_cause_hypothesis": "The save/serialization routine likely fails to handle non-ASCII characters (em-dashes, curly quotes, etc.) introduced via CSV import. The encoding dialog suggests the app attempts a character encoding conversion (possibly to ASCII or a narrow encoding) that fails on these characters, and the resulting error is not caught gracefully — leading to a crash instead of a user-facing error message.",
    "reproduction_steps": [
      "Prepare a CSV file containing tasks with non-ASCII characters such as em-dashes (—) and curly quotes (" ")",
      "Import the CSV file into TaskFlow, creating a list of ~200 tasks",
      "Edit one or more tasks in the imported list (e.g., rename a task, check off an item)",
      "Click the 'Save' button in the toolbar",
      "Observe the app crashes with a brief flash of an encoding-related dialog"
    ],
    "environment": "macOS 14.2 (Sonoma), TaskFlow desktop app v2.3.1",
    "severity": "high",
    "impact": "Users who import tasks from CSV files containing non-ASCII characters cannot save their work, resulting in data loss. This blocks normal workflow for any user working with internationalized or typographically rich content.",
    "recommended_fix": "Investigate the save/serialization path for character encoding handling. Ensure the save routine uses UTF-8 throughout (or whatever encoding the CSV import produces). Check for any ASCII-only assumptions in the file writer or serialization layer. Add proper error handling so encoding failures surface as a user-facing error rather than a crash.",
    "proposed_test_case": "Create a task list containing tasks with em-dashes, curly quotes, and other non-ASCII Unicode characters. Save the list and verify it persists without error. Reload and confirm the special characters are preserved correctly. Also test with a large list (200+ items) to rule out size-related issues.",
    "information_gaps": [
      "Exact error message from the encoding dialog (it disappears too fast for the reporter to read)",
      "Whether crash logs are available in the system Console app on macOS",
      "Whether the issue is specific to the CSV import path or also occurs if special characters are typed manually into a large list"
    ]
  }
}
```
