```json
{
  "action": "resolve",
  "reasoning": "All four required checklist items are present: (1) Expected behavior — saving should work without crashing; (2) Actual behavior — app instantly closes on save with a brief 'encoding' error flash; (3) Reproduction steps — edit a task list (likely one with CSV-imported tasks), click Save in toolbar, app crashes immediately; (4) Environment — desktop app on macOS 14 Sonoma. The reporter has also provided a strong causal lead: the crashes began after importing tasks from a CSV file. The reporter has clearly reached their limit on self-debugging (refused Console.app, expressed frustration multiple times across 4 rounds), and further questions would not materially change the triage — a developer can reproduce by importing a CSV with non-UTF-8 characters and attempting to save. Items 5-6 (logs, frequency) are partially covered: no formal logs but we have the 'encoding' clue, and frequency is every save attempt.",
  "triage_summary": {
    "title": "Desktop app crashes instantly on save after CSV task import (encoding error)",
    "problem": "The macOS desktop app crashes immediately — the entire app closes — whenever the user clicks Save in the toolbar. The user reports a brief flash of an error message mentioning 'encoding' before the app dies. The issue began after the user imported tasks from a CSV spreadsheet. The import itself completed without error, but every subsequent save attempt crashes the app.",
    "root_cause_hypothesis": "The CSV import likely introduced task data containing characters in a non-UTF-8 encoding (e.g., Latin-1, Windows-1252, or Shift-JIS). The import path probably accepts raw bytes without validating or normalizing encoding. When the save/serialization path attempts to encode the in-memory task data (likely to UTF-8 for persistence), it hits an unencodable or malformed byte sequence and throws an unhandled encoding exception, which crashes the app instead of being caught and surfaced gracefully.",
    "reproduction_steps": [
      "Create a CSV file containing task data with non-UTF-8 characters (e.g., save a spreadsheet with curly quotes, accented characters, or em-dashes using Windows-1252 encoding)",
      "Import the CSV file into TaskFlow using the task import feature",
      "Verify the import completes successfully and tasks appear in the task list",
      "Click Save in the toolbar",
      "Observe: app crashes immediately with a brief 'encoding' error flash"
    ],
    "environment": "macOS 14 (Sonoma), TaskFlow desktop app (version unknown — reporter unable to check)",
    "severity": "high",
    "impact": "User is completely unable to save any work, causing repeated data loss. The user has a deadline and has been blocked for multiple days. Any user who has imported CSV data with non-standard encoding is likely affected. The crash is not recoverable without app restart, and the problem persists across sessions since the corrupted data is already in the task list.",
    "recommended_fix": "1. Investigate the CSV import code path — check whether it performs encoding detection/normalization (e.g., chardet or explicit UTF-8 conversion) on import. 2. Investigate the save/serialization path — find where encoding is performed and add proper error handling for malformed byte sequences. 3. Short-term fix: wrap the save serialization in a try/catch that falls back to replacing unencodable characters rather than crashing. 4. Long-term fix: normalize all imported text to UTF-8 at import time, rejecting or replacing invalid sequences with user notification.",
    "proposed_test_case": "Create a CSV file saved in Windows-1252 encoding containing task titles with characters outside the ASCII range (e.g., curly quotes "", em-dashes —, accented characters like café). Import the CSV into TaskFlow, then trigger a save. Verify: (a) the app does not crash, (b) the data is saved correctly or the user is warned about encoding issues, and (c) previously imported non-UTF-8 data can be re-saved without error.",
    "information_gaps": [
      "Exact app version (reporter could not check; reproducible from crash logs once reproduced internally)",
      "Exact macOS version (reporter said '14 something, Sonoma maybe')",
      "Contents and encoding of the original CSV file (developer can test with various encodings)",
      "Exact error message text (only partial recall: 'something about encoding')",
      "Whether the crash occurs on a fresh task list with no imported data (would confirm CSV import as the trigger)"
    ]
  }
}
```
