```json
{
  "action": "resolve",
  "reasoning": "After three exchanges the picture is clear: manual save crashes on large task lists containing Word-originated special characters (curly quotes, em-dashes — Windows-1252 characters). Auto-save works fine, meaning the two code paths handle encoding differently. The size threshold suggests the manual save path may also have a buffer or batch-processing issue that compounds the encoding failure. A developer can act on this without further reporter input.",
  "triage_summary": {
    "title": "Manual save crashes with encoding error on large task lists containing Windows-1252 characters (em-dashes, curly quotes)",
    "problem": "When a user manually saves (toolbar 'Save' button) a task list containing special characters originating from Microsoft Word (curly/smart quotes, em-dashes, etc.), the app crashes with a briefly-visible encoding error dialog. Auto-save handles the same data without issue. The crash only manifests when the task list is large (50+ tasks); smaller lists with the same special characters save successfully.",
    "root_cause_hypothesis": "The manual save code path uses a different serialization or encoding routine than auto-save — likely one that does not handle Windows-1252 characters (or assumes strict ASCII/UTF-8). When the payload is large enough (50+ tasks), this encoding failure escalates to an unhandled exception that crashes the app. The auto-save path likely serializes incrementally or uses a more tolerant encoding, which is why it succeeds. The size dependency suggests either a buffered write that only flushes (and fails) above a threshold, or an in-memory encoding pass that accumulates errors until they overflow.",
    "reproduction_steps": [
      "Create a CSV file containing task names with Windows-1252 characters — em-dashes (—), curly/smart quotes (" "), etc. (e.g., copy-paste from a Word document into the CSV)",
      "Import the CSV into TaskFlow to create a task list with 50+ tasks",
      "Open the imported task list and make any edit to a task",
      "Click the 'Save' button in the toolbar",
      "Observe: app crashes with a brief encoding-related error dialog"
    ],
    "environment": "Not yet confirmed, but likely reproducible across platforms since the root cause is in the save serialization path. CSV data originated from Microsoft Word (Windows-1252 encoding).",
    "severity": "high",
    "impact": "Any user who imports task data containing non-ASCII punctuation (common when sourcing from Word, Outlook, or similar tools) and has large task lists will lose unsaved work on every manual save attempt. Auto-save mitigates data loss but users relying on explicit saves are blocked.",
    "recommended_fix": "1. Audit the manual save code path and compare its encoding/serialization logic to the auto-save path. 2. Ensure the manual save path normalizes or correctly handles non-ASCII characters (specifically Windows-1252 → UTF-8 conversion for characters like curly quotes U+201C/U+201D and em-dashes U+2014). 3. Investigate why list size affects the crash — check for fixed-size buffers, batch encoding, or error accumulation thresholds. 4. Add a catch around the save operation so encoding failures surface as a user-visible error message rather than crashing the app.",
    "proposed_test_case": "Create a task list with 100 tasks whose names contain em-dashes, curly quotes, and other Windows-1252 special characters. Edit one task and trigger a manual save. Verify the save completes without error and all special characters round-trip correctly. Additionally, test with exactly 50 tasks (boundary) and with mixed ASCII/non-ASCII content.",
    "information_gaps": [
      "Exact platform and TaskFlow version not confirmed (likely not relevant to the fix but useful for regression testing)",
      "The precise error message in the dialog was not fully captured",
      "Whether the size threshold is exactly 50 tasks or approximate"
    ]
  }
}
```
